hello jack enzyme tricks defer I am
playing a game called agario today it's
been suggested a couple times it's
pretty much like the first level of
Spore you stuck down my god yeah it's
pretty much like that that thing there's
really no other way to explain it other
than the first level of spore but I
guess we'll just hop right incest is
actually on this server with me I'm
gonna find her and destroy her oh my god
these people are fucking huge what how
do i how do I get that big what the hell
do I just eat old it okay you just eat
these dots it's like full range pac-man
like all range mode so far it looks like
I'm in the clear think I've got a dull
we shit dude that guy is like the size
of two planets fuck that or just the
size of Rome but that was wrong what is
this Carmen Carmen Carmen I just a
Cartman oh my god stehlin that is a nice
mustache but it oh shit oh my fucking
god everyone is huge this is this is
where it all when it all comes down to
oh fuck butters did like all the whole
freaking South Park cast is here come it
feed me please yeah oh hey there says
hey oh you're bigger than me fuck that
no go away oh wait why are you faster
than me dude i hope the tsarist russia
eats you go away says oh my god dude
Rome is like holy shit how do you get
that big yeah oh okay you stupid oh my
god this person shot himself at me with
an idiot it was not even a challenge
nary a challenge I'm gonna get away from
free friends a clan other clans in this
game oh my god i am getting surrounded
by the whole fucking solar system i'm
gonna get someone's gonna shoot at me
and that's just gonna be it don't kill
me i don't wanna die merge together
debit oh there we go i could launch down
there and eat him but that is the that
is the wrong way of doing this no we
must first build our Armada fuck that
fuck that fuck that go away
hey these nuts imma eat these nuts oh
wait no that's bad dude holy shit that
kind of massive why are these people so
big what this is like get on this
morning and just do it all day yeah that
was that was a dick move I don't care
eat more beads eat more beads gonna go
destroy this country wait is that Mexico
okay I always get the mexico and italy
flags best oh oh oh fucking fuck
nigahiga portugal can you just merge
yourself back together now like you've
been split up for too long there we go
hahahahaha everyone will be eaten by
Drake suffer here ya go away leave me
alone I do not wish to be a part of your
country look some small people here to
pick on you're gonna be awesome in my
stomach Burch Burch come here dick
mungus if USA almost got up on me oh oh
oh oh this is bad I fucked up really bad
here okay I feel I feel like this can be
saved now I really started I oh fuck
Kate get away from me he's gonna shoot
his cake at me dick dick mungus oh my
god i am getting surrounded here this is
awful going good guy good guy fuck you
oh no no no no notnot he knows better oh
shit Karma's coming to eat me yeah see
us dead it makes sense excuse me sir
would you like to share in a feast of
the the orbs of high
I was inside of that guy's vagina Oh
9gag I will eat you oh he's gonna shoot
himself at me it's over it's over I
submit it on to it Rome has like five
fucking gigantic orbs controlling the
whole the whole the whole game think you
think you're tough USA I'm Drake stuffer
I'll give a shit Keisha I'm ready for
face punch low come here here I'm bigger
than you I'm gonna destroy you supersize
me oh oh oh oh fuck oh fuck carrot no no
no I shouldn't have split up the CIA
wants my booty I feel like the only way
to be good at this game is to take
unnecessary risks all on the quest to be
a gigantic beam dot thing a tracker
jacker hey that's from hunger games Oh
what's the matter Kevin now I'm suddenly
bigger than you he he saw that coming
look at this it's like a fucked-up
stoplight I don't know what you're doing
Kevin but you need to back the Frick up
I got boundary issues and you are
breaking them right now no no no i am
adam romina take him out damn it ha I
got to I got two gigantic boobs here now
ready to take over the entire dot race
now I've got four gigantic boobs here
I'm just gonna stay against this wall
until it's it's okay to be safe keep up
the beach ray and everyone just keep up
the bead train we're gonna be okay
everyone's in the center of the map it's
gonna be all right i'll fuck mustache
man i'm as big as oh shit we're all dead
no what did i do what i do god what
happened right now everyone's gonna eat
me now now go away come away
oh that didn't work what the fuck oh god
damn it all right guys well that was a
gari oh I'm no good at this leave a
comment on what you like me to play next
and thank you for watching much like
healthy I mean seriously I imagine how
few like in school or at work or
whatever just like watching the video
attending the morning on your phone like
bullshit my teacher doesn't see me Jimmy
are you watching you two during class
again ah gah Haley fucking kid huge